Does everyone know like a mention market
is like will Joe Tracy or Jeremy say the
word like Dogecoin and then someone bets
like
>> It's crazy. I mean whatever.
>> So we're not going to have fun.
>> We're not going to participate in those.
And if you're worried about something
like that, like you probably shouldn't
trade those either. Like they're they're
more on the on the side of just like oh
this is you know if people want to punt
around in them fine. We're we're not in
those. But for more serious markets, I I
I don't have that much concern. If if
there's someone trying to do that
that they're you know if it's if it's
not manipulable particularly, it's
something that's real and someone's just
trying to move the market. The
marketplace is probably going to figure
it out and take the other side of it.
And if they can actually influence the
outcome in a meaningful way, then it
probably probably need to think about
what the settlement mechanism is and you
know those are the types of markets we
try not to get involved in.
>> Hello and welcome to another episode of
the Odd Lots podcast. I'm Joe
Weisenthal.
>> And I'm Tracy Alloway.
>> So Tracy, we're still rolling out shows
from our live show on May 28th in New
York City at City Winery. And as we
discussed in our last episode from this
from this show, it had a sort of future
of markets future of trading theme to
the night's conversation.
>> Right. And if you're talking about
future of markets and trading, we have
to talk prediction markets, right?
>> Yeah, that's right. So in addition to
the fact that there is the quote AI
trade unquote, the other big thing going
on in markets is the sheer explosion of
instruments with which people can trade,
right? So it's like you used to have
stocks and bonds and options and then
the options started getting more exotic
like zero-day options which you love and
so forth. But now it's like if you can
think of something that would resolve in
some way
>> Mhm.
>> whether it is snowfall in New York City,
Tesla deliveries, or how long a
half-time show is at the Super Bowl,
there probably is a way to bet on it.
>> Right. And so, one of the big questions
is whether or not these markets are
going to take off from an institutional
perspective, whether or not you're going
to see more professional investors get
into the business of betting on not just
snowfall in New York, but maybe halftime
shows and that sort of thing. But, that
said, we do have some institutional
participation in the market already
because you have market makers that are
starting to come in to try to make these
markets more liquid.
>> Yeah, but you really said the key thing
here, which is we know there's like a
ton of liquidity for like the sports
betting, etc. Like, that's not the
problem that needs to be solved. It's
these other things where in theory,
these might be useful uh instruments for
hedging some sort of economic risk.
Maybe not the Taylor Swift one or the
halftime show ones, but some of these
other ones. But, like in theory, some of
these contracts could be useful for uh
hedging. And so, the question is, yeah,
but will anyone use them? And so, on
this discussion, we really had the
pleasure of someone who has done very
little media in general and um who is
right in the heart of trying to
essentially solve this chicken and egg
uh problem. Listen to our conversation
with Jeremy Malitz, the head of
prediction markets at Susquehanna
International Group.
>> All right, why don't you tell us, just
let's start really simply, what does the
uh prediction markets desk at
Susquehanna do?
>> So, essentially, the the main function
that we do is market making. So, we're
the main liquidity provide or one of the
main liquidity providers on quite a lot
of platforms. Um and that means we're
we're providing liquidity in everything
from sports to economics to politics. Um
but I'd say also a big part of what we
do is
we're we were the first institution that
got involved in prediction markets in
the first place. So, we all we're really
trying to have a role of kind of being a
shepherd for other institutions as they
get involved. So, I'd say it's a
two-pronged goal, really, of providing
the liquidity for the ecosystem to help
it to grow and then
bringing others into the ecosystem,
which I think has been one of possibly
even the more important role of what
we've done to this point in time.
>> Wait, can I ask an even simpler
question, which is I I kind of feel like
Susquehanna is like the sales force of
the finance world, where I have this
like vague idea of what you do, but not
also not really.
What does Susquehanna do?
>> Well, my wife asked me the same thing.
But,
it's her birthday, by the way, so happy
birthday to her. But,
>> It's incredible that you're here on
>> I know. I
I I owe her big time.
Um,
so, we're we're primarily a a market
making firm and our our bread and butter
has always been options.
Um, so, we we make markets in, you know,
pretty much every option equity options.
Um, but obviously, we trade a lot of
instruments across a lot of things. Um,
and we just we have a culture overall
that's very much looking for new
opportunities and thinking about things
in probabilities and kind of, you know,
it it all starts from Jeff Yass, our our
founder. He loves things like prediction
markets. So, you know, we have a lot of
random businesses at Susquehanna, all
over the place. You would you wouldn't
believe the number of things that we do
randomly. Um, and it all comes back to
the same culture we have of thinking in
Bayesian probabilities and trying to to
to think of everything in terms of break
it down into what the odds are. But, the
bread and butter remains market making
and we try to use that to kind of make a
market or bring a market to any asset
class we're looking at.
>> Let's talk about, okay, there's some
contract out there. Who is going to win,
you know, the Texas primary election?
Let's just say.
>> Sure.
>> Why, you know, and so, there's an
exchange and there's an instrument and
it's either going to
uh
end at 100 or zero, etc. Why does this
market need market makers? Why can't it
be entirely peer-to-peer, such that if
all of us in the room just wanted to
trade, we make a price amongst each
other on an exchange? Why do Why is a
market maker an important part of the
infrastructure for this to work?
>> So, if you have a market where you have
an insane amount of people that are all
trying to trade all the time,
you might be able to make it work
without a market maker.
>> Okay.
>> But, what a market maker is really doing
is is it's helping to bridge the gap
between the different people who are
trying to trade. So, Joe, you might want
to trade now, and Tracy might want to
trade in an hour, right? But, if there's
no if if but that doesn't help you that
doesn't help you if she's not there now.
So, we're basically saying, "Hey, we're
going to be there when you want to
trade, and then we're going to wait, and
when Tracy wants to trade, we'll take
the other side of it." So, we're
basically a function that matches the
buyers to the sellers across time and
also across size.
>> So, how big does your balance sheet have
to be to be like dedicated to this
particular business? Like, how sizeable
are you with an entity like Kalshi?
>> So, you you know, it it it really
depends on the way that you do it. There
there's a lot of small independent
groups or just individual people who are
able to be out there, and they make
markets, and their goal is to try to
balance it, and they have to think a lot
about capital. We are very fortunate
that capital isn't generally a
constraint for us, right? So, that
that's one of the things that it's an
advantage for us, but it's also
something we can bring to the market. We
can provide much, much larger size on
things. It's why we're well suited to
bootstrap a market and to do
institutional type size because we're
not constrained by capital in that way.
>> And do you generally try to stay like
risk neutral?
>> No. Uh
There you know, I I think that is
pretty deeply in our culture that
obviously all things equal, we would
like to be risk neutral, but we're
willing to put ourselves out there and
wear a position. And in general, on our
options trading, we tend to warehouse a
lot of risk for the street. Sometimes
there's just something where everyone
needs to hedge a risk in one direction
and someone needs to be on the other
side of that. And that's an important
function in prediction markets,
especially when you think about use
cases such as hedging where
you've got some global risk to the
world. Everybody needs to hedge that
risk on one side. Someone needs to be on
the other side and we're willing to hold
ourselves out there to do that. Um and
you know, there's a lot of pieces that
go into being able to do that.
Obviously, when you're not neutral on a
risk basis, you have to be more
confident that you're right. But you
know, that's a lot a big part of what
our team has driven to build.
>> So let This sort of leads into the next
question and it's maybe the bill the
multi-billion dollar question of
prediction market, which is Okay, we
know that there is a huge amount of the
prediction market's business, which is
just sports betting under slightly
different form. But you mentioned
hedging and this gets to the core
question, which is in theory, there are
a lot of instruments on these prediction
market platforms that could be useful
hedging instruments for corporations.
Say, a market on snowfall in New York
City, which might affect an airline or
something like that. Maybe they want to
hedge that. When I look at the platforms
currently,
I see a price for like snowfall, but I
don't see anywhere near the volume level
that say would really justify like a an
airline could you know, you see $150,000
in volume on whether there'll be between
6 and 8 inches of snow. That's obviously
nowhere near deep enough for a serious
economic actor to participate in. So
where are we on that in terms of the
promise of actually useful instruments
for hedging?
>> So, when we first got involved in
prediction markets, our real role was to
bootstrap the liquidity. There were no
institutions yet. And it was largely
going to be a retail product. And we
were bootstrapping for large volume
retail liquidity. Now our next challenge
is we want to bootstrap institutional
liquidity. So yes, you might look at a
market that doesn't have seem like it
has enough volume for an institution to
hedge, you know, tens of millions of
dollars of risk. But, that's, you know,
part of the reason that I'm out here
doing a podcast today is we're trying to
make sure that people start to
understand this is viable and we're
putting ourselves out there that we will
be willing to put that kind of risk. And
we can put out that kind of risk on a
contract where far less volume is
traded. And that's because
what the prediction markets really
provide is information. It It's a price
discovery mechanism. So, you have this
phenomenal community of super
forecasters that exist on a prediction
market. And it doesn't take as much
volume as you would think to get to a
fair price.
And that allows us to say, "Hey, okay,
we've got a reasonably fair price on
this prediction market. Maybe it's only
traded $100,000, but we know that
there's been a lot of smart people that
have looked at this. We can do our own
internal vetting at the same time also.
And now we're comfortable going out
there and saying, "We're confident
enough in this price because of the
price discovery mechanism that we'll
make tens of millions of dollars of risk
to a company that needs to hedge its
risk of what, you know, some regulation
or straight of for moose or whatever it
is that's happening in the world." So,
you know, someone needs to go out and do
that and I think we're kind of uniquely
positioned because of our culture of
saying, "Yes, we are willing to take
that risk and yes, we want prediction
markets to grow."
>> What have your conversations been like
with institutional players so far? Like
what do they say is their main either
constraint or I guess reluctance to get
on some of these markets?
>> So, the first piece is is is the exact
thing that you just brought up,
awareness. They look at the markets and
they might say, "Well, I don't see how
we could actually hedge some of these
things cuz there's not enough volume and
liquidity." To which our response is,
"We will be the liquidity." Uh, you
know, then the other question is, "Okay,
well, we sort of need our compliance to
get to get comfortable with this. This
stuff is so new. What's the legal
landscape? What, you know, how do we get
this stuff even over our firewall? I
think institutions were always going to
be the slower moving player relative to
retail. And so that's why we really want
to sort of hold some of their hands to
go through this and figure out a lot of
different ways that they can use
prediction markets. Some of it might be
an institution connects to a prediction
market platform, does a block trade on
an exchange with us.
>> Mhm.
>> It could be that a trade goes up off an
exchange as a swap, but it's licensing
the exchange market data. And we're
trying to create as many different
setups as possible so that people can do
these trades. And we're going to
basically be, you know, be the
facilitator to say, "Okay, you need a
hedge. We're going to figure out how to
let that happen."
>> So this is really important. So if I
look at a contract and I see a number
there like $150,000,
it's possible that there has there was a
trade an off-platform trade of much
bigger size that was not printed on that
but that was more by that swap form. And
that's is that currently happening?
>> It is possible. I'm not going to go and
say that that's a big thing that's
happening yet. We're trying to build out
the infrastructure to have as many
options as possible because we want
institutions to start moving. And the
more they do it, the more they're going
to be like
>> And if an institution, again, let's go
to the airline hedging snowfall, would
they have a relationship with you? Would
they go through a prime broker who then
has a relationship with you? Like what
is the actual sort of like chain of
phone calls or whatever that happens?
>> So it can be both, but ultimately, when
I think of what we're really good at and
what we're not really good at, we're not
necessarily
the best in the sort of know every
single airline customer business. So we
want to work with a lot of those other
intermediaries. That could be a broker,
it could be a bank, it could be an
insurance company, the people who have
those relationships and are in the
business of constantly advising, "This
is what you should do." We understand we
want to work with them and and they
could have a very important role in
helping to be a part of the
infrastructure that gets it from the
customer with the risk to us being the
ones that have the other side of the
risk.
>> Joe's chosen a pretty like reasonable
contract, I would say, um for his
example there. But like are you
committed to making markets in all the
contracts available on these platforms?
Cuz I'm thinking about, you know, like
the return of Jesus Christ or will
aliens invade? How would you even go
>> How long is the length of a halftime
show?
>> Yeah.
>> Right. Um yeah, so we we don't make
everything. Um and and honestly, we're
not the best to make absolutely
everything. Some of, you know, some of
the things that you might say that
something perhaps in pop culture, we
might we're probably not going to be
that good at it relative to others,
right? There are certain things that
>> trying to build that capacity up?
>> Well,
well, we'll see. We'll see. Um
but, you know, there is a community of a
lot of people that can make a lot of
that can make a lot of these types of
markets. And what we want to do is we
wanted
to scale our sort of capacity with our
technology, our quantitative models, our
sort of very trader-driven insights that
we have in our capital. That's where
we're going to add the most value to an
exchange. If something just requires a
bunch of people to dig into it, that
that, you know, the universe of all the
different superforecasters, we're
probably not as necessary. So you
probably don't need us to to know
something about when Taylor Swift is
going to get married. But the fact is
that the things that have the most
economic value tend to be the things
that need us the most. And so that's
really where we try to play. We And I I
think it's it's great that the ecosystem
has this comp these complimentary forces
of like the community of all of the
superforecasters and then the people
like us who both kind of have different
skill sets.
>> Do you see right now So again, the
people say, "Yeah, these are just it's
sports betting, etc." And And maybe
every 2 years or every 4 years or some
election activity. Maybe there's some
trades that are sort of like look like
crypto derivatives, etc.
When you actually look at today's volume
of activity, do you see a meaningful
shift towards what what what
what polite people who wear suits would
say like real things? Do you Is that
happening?
>> It it is, yeah. And so when you look at
the volumes, obviously there's a real
percentage of the volume more you know,
more than half the volume certainly is
is sports.
>> Yeah.
>> Um but and there's a reason for that,
right? Sports has been a big market in
the United States for a long time. And
it's happened in kind of a fractured way
across a lot of different states. Um and
there's certain states where you can't
do it and it's a different regulatory
system everywhere. But there was a big
market that existed. And then prediction
markets basically came around and they
provided a better way for sports to
trade. So it was natural that there was
going to be this massive base from the
start. But what we're seeing is it's
dragging up all of the other things. So
it's brought awareness to prediction
markets. And the more we see that, the
more we see everything else growing. And
by the way, a lot of that other stuff,
the the real market
>> Yeah, yeah.
>> they're growing at a faster rate than
sports just from from a lower starting
point. Um and our goal now is really to
to you know boost that with the with the
hedging cases, which you know, that's
growing too, but it it's not a huge part
of the market as of now and we
understand it needs to be from an
ecosystem perspective. It's essential
that that that those hedging trades
become a much larger part of what the
market is.
>> So if you're a market maker for an event
contract that's something like the Fed
is going to raise rates or hold or lower
or whatever, like that's pretty similar
to something that you might see in
traditional markets. But how different
can you like
explain it to us from a mechanical
perspective? How different the market
making process would be for a prediction
market contract versus like a
traditional option.
>> Right. So, honestly, it there's not a
one-size-fits-all because there's so
many different things out there. So, if
you're thinking about kind of what's the
Fed going to do next, there are
instruments that capture that reasonably
well. And same thing as, you know,
what's the price of the S&P 500 going to
be at the end of
today, for example. There are other
instruments out there that capture that
reasonably well. And really, this is
just distilling it into a way that might
even better capture the idea someone
has. There's There's like quirks to the
other types of things that you might
have that are the proxies. So, we can
translate what's happening in the in
sort of like, you know, the traditional
financial markets to prediction markets.
For other products, that is sort of is
this random one-off event going to
happen in the world? Is the Strait of
Hormuz going to be open by the end of
August? Is Keir Starmer going to be out
as Prime Minister? We're That stuff
requires a lot of independent research.
But, the good news is that there's so
much information contained within the
prediction market itself. So, one of the
core market-making principles we have is
you know, it really honestly comes from,
you know, kind of a thing we teach with
poker of
understand what other people know and
what other people are doing. So, we can
learn from the markets seeing where they
are. This is what all these other super
forecasters know. We can combine that
with our internal research and then get
to a number. So, that's, you know, some
things kind of have to be we draw it up
and figure it out like that. Some stuff
is we can use the information that's in
other markets, and some stuff is we're
going to build a brand new model to
figure this thing out because that's
kind of in our That's kind of in our DNA
to say like, all right, here's a random
thing, but, you know, how are we going
We're We're going to have to figure out
compute, right? Let's Let's figure out
how to model compute, and and, you know,
we'll build it.
>> So, one of the concerns or one of the
things that people talk about with
prediction markets is the possibility of
insider trading. And you know, like um
obviously like when I think of like a
market making firm or some of these
firms that do a lot of flow and volume,
you just sort of assume there's a lot of
noise and it all sort of washes washes
out, right? How does it change you like
you have to think like if there are
participants in the market that are like
not just forecasters here, like not just
people who are good at predicting
things, but deeply informed flow where
they maybe just know the answer already.
Are you able to spot that? Are you able
to sense that? And does that change how
you think about risk management within a
given market?
>> The insider trading is definitely
something that that comes up and there
there there's certainly been plenty of
articles that are written about it. I
think there's a couple a couple things
to point out there. The first one is
that
there's actually really two types of
prediction markets that it's not always
clear to people what the distinction is,
but there's the regulated
prediction markets such as Kalshi, such
as Roth IRA exchange that just launched,
such as you know, CME has one and and
Polymarket has a regulated exchange. And
then there's the crypto-based
decentralized finance platforms. And
those are you know, they don't have KYC,
right? And they're crypto-based, they're
DeFi. So I think most of what you've
seen, the vast vast majority, where
people find something that's insider
trading based, is on the DeFi platforms
because there is KYC on the regulated
space. And that that's why you know, we
are participating in the regulated
space. So that that's the first
important thing is if you're in the
regulated space, you're much more
protected. The other thing is you know,
insider trading is something that does
exist everywhere and there's a mechanism
that works to to suss it out. And that's
reporting from the people that are in
the market. Generally one of the things
that we're always paying attention to is
what are the incentives of the person on
the other side of the trade. And when
someone's insider trading, it's a lot
more obvious that okay, well, what are
the incentives? They don't make sense.
The thing then happens and okay, we can
make a pretty decent Bayesian update
that like this was probably insider
trading and report it. And it's actually
easier in prediction markets because
this stuff is more obvious. There's a
million reasons that someone can buy
Apple stock. But like there's not that
many reasons that someone can buy like
is Maduro going to going to be out?
>> Uh so it
>> If you see a lot of people slamming that
like you okay.
>> Right. So it's actually easier to spot
this stuff. And and by the way, like one
thing we're extremely happy about is the
DOJ is now even going after the you
know, the crypto-based platforms where
you know, people kind of I think they
kind of knew people probably thought
they were safe. You're not safe in
cryptoland. Actually, everything's on
the blockchain, right? So you you'll get
caught. So there there is an
infrastructure, especially in the
regulated space, but also now in the
unregulated space for catching people
that do it. And I think that's why you
don't see more like that's what stops
insider trading. People don't want to
get caught. This was new. People
probably thought like, oh, I I I can do
it in crypto and won't get caught. Now
they're like, oh, I I am going to get
caught.
>> Okay, aside from insider trading, one of
the other concerns or criticisms of
prediction markets is the idea of
you could have whales basically in the
market, like people with a lot of money
who are willing to spend it to perhaps
like influence a particular probability
with the hope of I guess influencing the
ultimate outcome.
You must have pretty good visibility
into order flow. Like how realistic is
that concern from your perspective?
>> Honestly,
I don't think it's something that's
really come up for us to this point in
time. Like there are concerns we have
around certain things in in prediction
markets, but realistically, like there's
a lot of people in prediction markets
with deep pockets, certainly us, and
we're pretty good at as I said,
understanding the incentive of who's
involved. And if someone's going out
there and trying to move a market to
like influence an out to influence an
outcome, it you know, it if it's
it I guess it depends on what the
outcome is. If it's an outcome that's
easy to influence, we try to avoid those
markets in the first place. So, we don't
trade like mention markets, right?
Someone could put a bunch of money on
something and then, you know, on this
podcast perhaps and then say
>> Does everyone know what a mention market
is?
>> Right.
But
>> Does everyone Is it Is Does everyone
know what like a mention market is like
will Joe Tracy or Jeremy say the word
like Dogecoin and then then someone bets
like it's crazy.
>> Right. So, I mean, whatever. So, we're
not going to
We're not going to participate in those.
If if you're worried about something
like that, like you probably shouldn't
trade those either. Like they're they're
more on the on the side of just like oh,
this is you know, if if people want to
punt around in them, fine. We're we're
not in those. But for more serious
markets, I I
I don't have that much concern if if
there's someone trying to do that
that they're you know, if it's if it's
not manipulable particularly, it's
something that's real and someone's just
trying to move the market, the
marketplace is probably going to figure
it out and take the other side of it.
And if they can actually influence the
outcome in a meaningful way, then it
probably need You probably need to think
about what the settlement mechanism is.
And you know, those are the types of
markets we try not to get involved in,
but I don't think you see a whole lot of
that in the market.
>> So, as you mentioned, you're not in you
don't make a market in every market and
some things are more logical.
Do you have when you say okay, you're
market maker for Kelsey, do you have a
list of like this is what we do and
don't or is it like like I've sort of
in my mind the way I think about your
role a little bit like a Lloyd's of
London in the sense that it's like okay,
so someone has some risk and then they
call you up and they like can you make
us a price for this? So, is it a set
list or is it like you take it as you
see it, yes, okay, we can make a market.
No, we don't This is not something we're
going to participate in on a sort of
like per market basis.
>> Right. So, so it's a little of both. Um
there are some markets that we do all
the time. We we we up for obligations.
We're going to be out there all the time
24/7.
Um Um and then there's some things that
we kind of do on a more ad hoc basis.
Like, you know, you it comes up, it's
important, we think we have can
have a meaningful role in the market,
and we just figure out how to get
involved in it. So, a little both.
>> I don't know if you read it, but there
was a piece in I think it was the New
York Times this week about sharps in the
prediction market. And you know,
>> He definitely read it.
>> Yeah. People who are making a lot of
money.
>> Oh, yeah, that's right. Okay, so you
better have read it.
>> I have read it.
>> Okay, but there was someone quoted in
there who was like an independent trader
in prediction markets, and they said
they interviewed at Susquehanna,
but the firm said that like
Susquehanna is not allowed to scrape
certain data or it has certain data
restrictions. And I guess that made the
job unappealing to this guy cuz he
doesn't seem to have taken it. But like,
what are your data restrictions exactly?
>> So, we're we're we're you know, we have
a large franchise and a large reputation
that we need to take care of. So, we're
not going to violate the terms and
conditions of a website, right? If
you're
If you're a random person who's doing
it, like, you probably can do that and
you're probably not going to get in
trouble more likely than not, although
that's certainly not legal advice.
>> like putting in URLs that haven't gone
live yet, right? And they have some feel
and then they test them out. It's like,
oh yeah.
>> It's not even necessarily I mean, that's
a thing that can happen play but it it
could just be like, you have a website
that has terms and conditions that says
like you're not permitted to scrape this
data, right?
like, you know, plenty of people scrape
the data, right? And we're not going to
scrape that data. Like, we're not going
to violate the terms and conditions of a
website. So, we hold ourselves to a more
conservative standard when it comes to
those types of things. So, I think that
I think that person was probably just
referring to, "Hey, you get restrained
restrained in some ways if you want to
work for us."
>> Institutional. The usual like
institutional things.
>> Like, we're we're going to be very
careful when it comes to things around
our our reputation. Um but you know, but
I think that like probably you know
there's a lot of advantages to working
here as well.
>> I know this isn't a prediction markets
question per se, but like do GPU markets
that we talked about first half of the
show, do they have the sort of contours
of what to you look like could be
something a very actively financialized
market?
>> Absolutely. I mean it's something that
the prediction markets are looking at
and really when when I think about
what's made prediction markets so
different like what actually changed
>> Yeah.
>> It's the speed to market. So
>> Oh yeah, say more about this.
>> So you know it's funny when we first
started wanting to get involved with
prediction markets I've like a little
bit of an origin story where I have a
friend who is a CFO of a musical
instrument company during the first
China trade war he was worried that
their company might go out of business
because they imported instruments from
China
and we I was like well I'm a macro
trader I could hedge this it's what I do
all the time
we actually tried to list a product and
it took about a year
and it was just too slow and then you
know
>> Where did you try to list it?
>> We we tried to list it with my ex and
you know just that was the process for
listing a future and now we got now we
you know prediction markets came around
and that process went to a day or even
inside of a day. So
I think really that's the most
that's the real valuable thing that
happened with prediction markets and I
think that with compute you see this you
see this ability of prediction markets
to potentially move very quickly. So
they can launch a product there's there
are products on prediction markets that
have compute and these other things that
kind of look like compute you might say
DRAM prices people worry about that all
the time right the shipping costs these
things that are kind of like a commodity
but they
don't really have a commodity.
Prediction markets can be speed to
market and the system works in that way.
So I absolutely think it's something
worth thinking about and I think they
can totally have a role in that
ecosystem.
>> So just going back to the very beginning
of this conversation, you're head of
macro trading at Susquehanna. Sorry, I
can't say head of macro without cracking
up nowadays.
Oh, you're head of macro trading but
also prediction markets at Susquehanna,
which is like kind of an unusual
combined role. Like what is the idea
there? Is is there some synergy between
those two markets that you're trying to
capture?
>> You know, honestly it all just comes
down to the election. You know, as head
of macro, I had sort of a niche for for
trading the election and I kind of got
exposed to prediction markets because
they were trading in Europe on on
Betfair and we would be we had, you
know, European entity and we were
involved with it there. And I saw the
value of it and I think 2016 election
was like a place that it was really
valuable because people had these
massive risks they wanted to hedge.
People would do it with these proxy
products. Banks would put out baskets of
like, "Look, do all these Put put
together all of these names." And the
broad market consensus in 2016 was that
the market was going to be down 5 to 7%
if Trump won. And it turned out the
market was up.
>> It was for like 5 minutes that night but
>> like 5 minutes, yeah.
>> But literally just 5 minutes.
>> But yeah, the next by the end of the
next day it was it was up, right? And so
the you know, the hedge didn't work. But
we saw like the prediction market
worked. Like if you if you actually just
hedge this in a prediction market, it
would work really well. And so honestly,
there's not It doesn't seem like there's
that much synergy. It's more just it
evolved out of that of saying like,
"Hey, we're involved in this space and
we see how valuable prediction markets
can be and we really want to make it
happen." And so I think that it's really
just kind of an an evolution as opposed
to this is how we would draw it up from
scratch.
>> Every once in a while I get was get sent
one of those like basket trades where
it's like trade this basket we could do
a hundred million dollars and this um,
you know, D-Ram winners, D-Ram losers
basket. Anyway, Jeremy Mallett, head of
prediction markets at Susquehanna, thank
you so much for uh
>> Thank you so MUCH FOR HAVING
>> THAT WAS OUR CONVERSATION WITH Jeremy
Mallett of Susquehanna recorded live at
Art New York show. I'm Tracy Alloway.
You can follow me at Tracy Alloway.
>> And I'm Joe Weisenthal. You can follow
me at The Stalwart. Follow our producers
Carmen Rodriguez at Carmen Armon Dasha
Bennett at Dash Bot, Caleb Brooks at
Caleb Brooks and Kevin Lozano at Kevin
Lloyd Lozano.
>> And for more Odd Lots content you should
check out our daily newsletter. You can
find that at bloomberg.com/odd
lots.
>> can chat about all these topics 24/7 in
our Discord
>> And if you enjoyed this conversation
then please leave a comment or like the
video or better yet subscribe.
>> Thanks for watching.